It is no longer true that BearClan is Indigenous lead, many of our founders are no longer involved. Right now, BearClan is a group of people working to do better in the city.
Whatever group we are, our work is still for First Nations people. What does Indigenous lead mean? Is it built around ideas, values, physcial leadership. What does leadership mean?
What are our goals, what are our values? - Abolition, defund/refund, What does Indigeniety mean to this group?
Changing the name may create disruptions in our social capital and momentum in our network - people know hwo we are, people rely on us, are familiar with our network.
Indigenous lead: this is essential to know when we are ironing out our axioms, are we a group of indigenous people concerned with helping indigenou seople. The conseqiences of our word of mouth reputation is that people are getting helped. BearClan is an optical timebomb right now. It takes work, what are our roles and what are people willing to dedicate themselves too? We need a solid foundation before we can build a team to continue this work off of. This is not a space that we can invite more people in. Regardless of what name we operate under,
Is it possible to make a statement, "we are not currently Indigenous lead." - what could the impacts of the blacklash be?
We need to develop a more stable structure for our team to rely on when doing this work. A collective approach to leadership.
Are we making this decision around BearClan or is it being made for us?
Was BearClan Indigenous lead or Yvonne lead -
Building a solid foundation for the work we are doing is our main goal - figuring out which framework we are working under needs to be addressed, it is deceptive to operate under the pretenses of an Indigenous led organization when we have agreed that we are not Indigenous led.
It is important to maintain our values and stick to them when deciding which groups/individuals we are willing to work with.
Giving back the name of BearClan.
