everyone saying hellos and talking about how they're doing

can do free food markets from communitywise either in front or from the rooms we're renting.

communitywise has shared space (bigger room in pics) and also shared kitchen. space that's multiple rooms connected we could use for storage.

we would have access 24/7 except maybe tuesday mornings when there's a doctor in. Up to 3 keys, deposit on keys.

72 other members that use the building. CUPS also uses the building. 72 other *groups*.

Do they have activity standards? Are all 72 members active?

Taylor has list of other members. XR is a member (lol).

Relieved that the space is temporary re: state of the building.

Our space would be on the main floor.

There is a loading zone out front.

There is free parking on a nearby street, obviously it's sometimes full.

This is pretty much our only option right now.

We don't have time or energy for looking at other spaces.

We don't have the money for other places.

Not comfortable with it being a permanent option.

January / end of December would be the timeline for staying there.

Space is still pretty good to patrol from. Close to train line and other parks.

Next week might just have to be setup, we might not have the capacity to patrol then.

None of the shelves at the den rn are ours.

Would be good to get some metal shelves for food.

We need shelves, tables, carts, bins.

Taking half the harm reduction supplies.

Anything we leave is going to be a long time before it gets used (if it gets used at all).

Brandin has marked everything that needs to be moved out / is ours with a green sticky tag.

Communitywise already does staionary food handouts on Tuesdays.

What is rationale for stationary patrol?

We might not have a route or enough carts by then.

Can we still get food from Costco?

We may be switching Costcos, but if no one from Bear Clan picks up food we could have double the food.

Beth argues we could do a very similar route, try to keep as many things the same as possible.

We kept same route when we moved from Border Crossing but didn't account for how much longer it took to get to Circle K.

Places people are going are going to change with the seasons, let's have a map in front of us.

Venturing over more towards Macleod and Stampede grounds.

We get three of the carts, the big red one needs to be fixed, Beth would know how to fix it but would need it dropped off.

Wagon leads or shelving leads?

Funds situation: funds in Brianna's care were donated to Bear Clan, are they ours?

"Window thing" alone brought in nearly $4000 dollars.

We may not see any of the money.

Do we have anywhere else we can get funds to?

Not until we have a name and we can set up an email etc.

Don't want to keep changing where people send things.

Someone called BC phone says she refers all her clients to us. We need some kind of temporary name.

Community Care Collective?

Not having patrol in the name anymore, not calling them patrols anymore.

Daniel still good to make meals? Yes. Making a schedule for people to help Daniel.

Either people coming to Daniel's or someone else switching out.

We'll have access to a kitchen.

Arrange schedule for people to swap out with two of Daniel's family members.

Any name suggestions or ideas or criticisms?

Feed The People Collective

Other people are feeding people, doing care.

Non-descriptive name? 

Emphasize being an alternative to the police - we are not necessarily effective at this right now.

We need to be able to keep the promises we make.

We need to build capacity to be able to respond to calls.

Better onboarding process. !important!

List of roles? List of duties, not roles assigned to people per se.

Ask clients on patrol tonight what they'd call us if not Bear Clan?

Capture the spirit and be memorable.

discussion about hampers, free food market.

massive clean after market? get cleaning done on Saturday.


